This is a Web based platform of an multiple platforms. An platform is a framework of software that is intended and designed to work together. Software platforms are curated to allow applications to work together seamlessly, without workarounds or integrations. Although the term platform can be used to refer to any technology system that runs services or applications, we’re talking about software platforms specifically. This platform is digined for day to day uses because we now so many platforms but at the end of the use of these platform we cannot think about all the platforms at single time and we skip so many better options in regurding of worst options and we also dont have time to find the real platform that means in digital world their are so many websites of same name that are created by fack peoples or hackers to get details of users at that time we dont have so much time to find real platform so this platform also save people and save thier time from searching and finding on google on less time. Now let we discuss about our system it is a web platform this means, this platform runs online and create platform for a web applications. Now we develop a platform as multi platform this means, this platform contain multiple platforms as it components. This platform contain Eductaional plateform in this sections multiple websites are availabe those are provide educations to their users for examples Wikipidia, Khan Academy, Coursera, Uncademy, Udemy, grammerly, Academia, brainly, Vedantu, Shikha, Google Digital Garage, Microsoft Learn, Byjus, Adventure Academy etc now we discus second category of our plateform that is Job provider platform. In Job provider platform as name sugest it is used to find jobs and internships for college students some job provider platform that are placed in this plateform are Naukri.com, LinkedIn, FreshersWorld, Indeed, Glassdoor, Google Jobs, Times for Her, Career Builder, US Jobs, Microsoft career, and so on. Now we discus our next platform that is Community. In community platform we can meet out friends and peoples as community and make friends online some plateforms that are available in multi platform are Whatsapp, Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, Telegram, LinkedIn, Twitter, tribe, Mighty Network, Zoom and so on. Now we discus our next platform that is e-commerce platform. These type of platforms can run bussiness in online. In our platform their are different types of platfoms on single place these platforms are Flipkart, Amazon, misho, Myntra, Ajio, Zomato, Swiggy, snapdeal, Firstcry, etc.. Let we move on our next platform is Travel. Travel is the most common platform that is used by us when we go any where we use trave type of platform in our platform thair are many different platforms that are Trivago, Yatra, MakeMyTrip, Expedia, priceLine, CheapTickets, Agoda, BookingBuddy, TripAdvisor, OYO, ixigo etc.. Now we move our next platform that is ai tools in market there are thousands of ai tools that are available but humman mind cannont lean all of this ai tools and regularly new tools are launched in market and all the ai tools are work different so we create an single platform that contain so many ai tools on single tools.    